Document time format preference in Account Management (#34585)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/_index.md

### Preferences

{{% site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,ap1,ap2" %}}

> You can manage your timezone, time format, visual accessibility preference, and email subscriptions from the [Preferences tab][3] within the **Personal Settings** page.

Author: ```suggestion
You can manage your time zone, time format, visual accessibility preference, and email subscriptions from the [Preferences tab][3] within the **Personal Settings** page.
```

{{% site-region region="gov" %}}
You can manage your timezone, time format, and visual accessibility preference from the [**Preferences** tab][3] within the **Personal Settings** page.
{{% /site-region %}}

#### Time format

> Choose whether times are displayed in 12-hour (for example, 2:30 PM) or 24-hour (for example, 14:30) format. This preference applies across the Datadog app wherever times are shown, including dashboards, monitors, logs, and other views.

Author: ```suggestion
Choose whether times are shown in 12-hour or 24-hour format in Datadog (for example, “2:30 pm” or “14:30”). New accounts default to 12-hour format. Graphs and certain tabular data will continue to show in 24-hour format at all times.
```
